I don't drink much, but I love Western food.
I love pork cutlet.
It's a little too deep, the coating is black,
and it's crunchy.
The meat is not red even if you cut it.
The inside is cooked.
It's a little too soft.
It's the best pork cutlet.
Pork cutlet is the best.
You decided?
No, but I decided.
A little while ago, I went to the cafe.
I was surprised to see the lady.
She was wearing a hat.
She had red lips.
She looked like a traffic light.
She was wearing a hat.
I asked her if she was drunk.
I'm sorry, but I can't drink.
She said that the pork cutlet was 25,000 yen.
I think 25,000 yen is not a problem.
I waited for her.
I can see the snow
on your red stone.
Fire and the sky.
Why are you singing?
The chikuonki...
You're singing in a strange way.
The pork cutlet is here.
It smells good.
I'm hungry.
I'll cut it and eat it.
I'll cut it.
I asked the lady to cut it.
You have to cut it for the lady.
How much is it for a pork cutlet?
I don't know.